website/integrations: add documentation for OIDC setup with Paperless-ngx (#8538)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/paperless-ngx/index.md

---
title: Paperless-ngx
---

<span class="badge badge--secondary">Support level: Community</span>

## What is Paperless-ngx

> > Paperless-ngx is an application that indexes your scanned documents and allows you to easily search for documents and store metadata alongside your documents. It was a fork from paperless-ngx, in turn a form from the original Paperless, both of which are no longer maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Paperless-ngx is an application that indexes your scanned documents and allows you to easily search for documents and store metadata alongside your documents. It was a fork from paperless-ngx, in turn a fork from the original Paperless, neither of which are maintained any longer.
```

>
> -- https://github.com/paperless-ngx/paperless-ngx

## Preparation

The following placeholders will be used:

- `paperless.company` is the FQDN of the Paperless-ngx install.
- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik install.

> ## Authentik Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## authentik Configuration
```

### Step 1 - OAuth2/OpenID Provider

Create a OAuth2/OpenID Provider (under Applications/Providers) with these settings:

    Name : Paperless
    Redirect URI: https://paperless.company/accounts/oidc/authentik/login/callback/

### Step 2 - Application

Create an application (under Resources/Applications) with these settings:

    Name: Paperless
    Slug: paperless
    Provider: Paperless

> ## Paperless

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Paperless Configuration
```

> Add the following environment variables to your Paperless-ngx setup. If you are using docker-compose, then add the following to your docker-compose.yml file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following environment variables to your Paperless-ngx setup. If you are using Docker Compose, then add the following to your docker-compose.yml file:
```

```yaml
PAPERLESS_APPS: allauth.socialaccount.providers.openid_connect
PAPERLESS_SOCIALACCOUNT_PROVIDERS: >
  {
    "openid_connect": {
      "APPS": [
        {
          "provider_id": "authentik",
          "name": "Authentik",
          "client_id": "< Client ID >",
          "secret": "< Client Secret >,
          "settings": {

>             "server_url": "https://authentik.company/application/o/authorize/"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            "server_url": "https://authentik.company/application/o/paperless/.well-known/openid-configuration"
```

          }
        }
      ],
      "OAUTH_PKCE_ENABLED": "True"
    }
  }
```

Now restart your container:
`docker compose down && docker compose up -d`

## Finished

Now you can access Paperless-ngx by logging in with authentik.

> To add Authentik authentication to an existing user, log in to Paperless with local authentication, click the profile icon in the top-right, click My Profile, then Connect new social account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add authentik authentication to an existing user, log in to Paperless with local authentication, click the profile icon in the top-right, click My Profile, then Connect new social account.
```
